Dear (recipaints name),
I am Mr. paul agabi, a Lawyer by profession. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Charles (my surname) , a national of your country, who used to work with Chevron Oil Exploration Company in Nigeria, herein after shall be referred to as my client.
On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife and their onlye child were involved in a car accident along Lagos - Ibadan express road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.
Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives. This has proved unsuccessful. I came to know about you through an enquiry I was making in the internet, and I found out you shared the same surname with my client, which is why I have decided to contact you, in order to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank.
Particularly, in a local commercial bank here where the deceased had an account valued at about US$ 15.5 Million Dollars, has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisticated within the next ten official working days.
Since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$15.5 Million Dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money, on the ratio of 50% for me, and 50% for you.
I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this business through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.
Please get in touch with me by email and send to me your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about the details of this transaction. 
Best regards,\n Mr. paul agabi.